All right on the last video we saw that we were able to take some data out of the form when we click
Submit right.
We check for this submit attribute value here up here.
And when the form was submitted we echo this.
Right.
So we were able to check on that.
So now what we need to do is check on the rest.
We need to actually pull this information from the rest of the document here from the that form and
do something with it.
So if you didn't get it right last time if you for some reason could not do it you are going to be able
to do it now.
So all we got to do is add the same name attribute here to this form to these inputs.
And I'm just going to call this username.
We're going to pull in the user name ID here.
And you don't have to name a user name.
That's what I'm using.
You can name and name you can name and whatever you want.
It's up to you.
I got to name this password.
I just want to be descriptive.
Whoops.
All right so now that we got that said we've got a receiver up here.
So if the if the post if the phone was submitted Why do I want to do.
I want to go ahead and grab this here and we're going to get something called a user name right.
User name because we're going to get that from the form data and we are going to be getting
it.
We're going to be getting this one also so we can actually turn these values.
We can play around with his values the way they are but what we want to do that let's make this a little
bit more friendly right let's make this user and let's make this into a variable username so that way
we can play around with it like this it's a lot better than than having the whole thing there like this.
So when these values come in we'll find out what the form was submitted.
Remember that every time we click on submit all these values get sent in in the form.
All of them they all get sent.
All we are doing right here is checking if the form was set then we want to do some things with it because
the form was not set and we started doing things with it.
PH We were going to say wait wait wait.
What are you doing.
I don't have the user name.
I don't have this value.
He's going to give us an error.
OK.
So right now the phone was submitted.
We're playing it safe.
We pull the data from here from the user name we pull the data from the password Actually we got it
changed the value here.
Right.
And then we turn it into variables.
Perfect right.
So we can go heading equil this if we wanted to right now we can go ahead and Eckl password used to
find though.
And we can go ahead and call username.
Right.
So let's check on that list.
Let's see how that works.
And we get some arrows right here and that's the whole reason why.
Well I'll explain about that later about.
Not said it not checking for the values or we don't check.
We get an error.
But anyway.
So let's go ahead and add one.
And I'm just going to type some password.
All right.
Submit
you see that we get the helo's Durant we get a pass we're first and then we get to use and then we should
actually argue they use them first right.
They do it right here.
And this is and we can concatenate this with a string.
They say low.
And then we can say your password
is.
Is that would be we are if we do that in a real life situation.
Right.
That would give.
They freaked out that we know the password.
We do that an application in a application so doing.
And then we say
see I going to have my password.
Hello.
Your password is Superman.
Oh man they know my password.
Geez.
All right so we wait to do that you see how beautiful that is we can find the data here and do things
with it.
It is not the only thing with it.
Usually what we do is we use this user name and place it inside a database check it to see if it's there
if there were log in the user sometimes we create users actually creating this field in the database.
Right.
So most of the time that's why we we do this for.
So I'm just right now whether this will give you gives you an example on how we can extract data from
the form.
How can we do all the things with it right here like we're doing right here all we doing right now is
echoing the information.
But like I said we can do many things with it.
All right.
So all this video you learn how to extract the rest the remaining data of the form and how to do a couple
of things with it on the next video.
I want to show you how we can validate some of these data how we can find out if Did you know if they
typed something here.
And for some reason it didn't match up.
You're going to see the next video is going to be fun if you like this one the next video you like a
lot more.
So anyway I'm just going to you know I'm not even going to tell you anymore because I want it to become
a small price.
But anyway standby.
Let's go ahead and jump into the next lecture.
Take care